In the last lecture we had a look at buttons now want to have a closer look at ion lists or add lists
and list idence I should say for one you can of course dive into the official documentation to learn
more about all different ways of configuring it and how you might structure more complex lists with
more complex items.
In this lecture and the next lectures I want to dive into some of the basics of using lists and list
items.
Why would you use lists and list items in the first place.
Well in a lot of applications you have data or buttons or forms which you want to present in a from
top to bottom way because that's typically how you present data on a mobile phone.
Right.
And lists are great for it is they allow you to output data in a structured in a list like way.
Now a list is typically created by using the iron list component here like a wrapper around Ayane items
or as you always also saw it around buttons with an item on it.
Actually you may use any element not just button but buttons will do something special if you place
an item on them.
Here we have a normal item and you could say it's a button and right now if we save this let's have
a look at this list in our running application.
It's the same application as before.
So you're going to see the buttons above.
This is the list and I think you were able to see the difference between an item and a button with an
item on it.
Generally both items look the same.
But since we used an item on a button for the second element we also get this arrow here.
You'll also see a difference if we tab on it.
Here we get a visual effects and visual feedback.
That's not the case for the first element here I can tab as much as I want and click events would indeed
be fired.
That still works but we don't get a visual feedback.
Sometimes you don't need that and that's OK.
But if you want to have that feedback and want to have the arrow here to really indicate hey you can
tap me.
Then you might want to use a button with an item on it.
So that's the first important takeaway here.
And number important take away is you don't have to use list.
You can remove I list just use an item like this and the button like this and you will see the styling
is generally the same.
This still works but we you we removed the separate set to start and end of the list and a list also
gives us some other features.
I will explain later.
So typically you will use ion lists around your items.
However if you don't need those separators and don't need those extra features I'll come back to.
Then there's no need to use I unlaced does a key take away.
You don't need to use it to use an item